before launching ourselves to interpret the
sleep with knives we should know that the
meaning of dreams with objects
it depends on the details of the dream
in this case in particular the knife
has a negative representation and is
related to violence and
unpleasant situations
It's usually a harbinger of omens
discussions fear personal losses or
of money or a negative news
to know the meaning of the dream
we must focus on the action that
performs the knife
so if we are injured with a
knife reveals problems at
family can also mean the end
of a loving relationship
if we see ourselves cutting something with the
knife means that something in our
life does not work and we should look for the
way to change it can be equally
a warning that someone from
our environment wants to make us some
type of damage
If the knives are rusted or are
old symbolizes the appearance of
small-scale problems that you will achieve
overcome
normally these setbacks will
often occur in the family
It could also indicate that we
we found dissatisfied with some
aspect of our life
If the knife of your dreams is sharp
or bright warns us of the presence
of enmities that lurk all your
activities may be waiting for a
moment of weakness on your part to go
for you or your earnings
if you see yourself in the dream stabbing the being
beloved points out that you are letting yourself go
by your impulses and could follow a
person you love
pay attention in your life to control yourself and
Do not let yourself be overcome by anger
anger or frustration
similarly if the person to whom
you attack you do not know it symbolizes that
you have little self-control and a
weak personality
we must be aware of this and take
measures to improve our
self-esteem and personality
if you're sharpening a knife it could be
the representation that you're
preparing to do an important act
that requires strength and maybe cruelty
It also tells us that you have to
listen more to others open your mind
and learn to avoid conflicts
if you come across broken knives it 's
an omen of losing storms in
our life and especially frustration
in labor matters
it is clear after all these
explanations that dream about knives not
It is usually a good sign
anyway we should be careful and
take it as warnings to be able to
react on time and avoid evils
greater